<b>Introduction</b>
- I want to say that I really enjoyed working this challenge,
and tried to add some imagination where possible.
- While some areas were vague, I decided to add my own flavors
to make it more interesting, as stated in the below sections.

<b>Incomplete features</b>

- I did not write tests for each and every piece, but wrote some
accessory tests over and above the basic functionality of verifying
an item's eligibility.
- I did not add proper Spring error handling, but rather minimal validation,
as while I have done this in Spring before, it is not something I do on a 
common basis, and would take more time than I have this week with other obligations. 
Would have likely added a @RestControllerAdvice section with some custom 
exception handlers.

<b>Assumptions</b>

- Assuming that this might be used as a datastore as well as a service.
- Created endpoints which will fetch from the various models and show collections
or single model entities.
- Used H2 in-memory database for data, and this loads data at the time of starting
service.
- Did not use Jersey styling, as I am more familiar with using embedded Tomcat 
Spring Boot based servers, with a controller/service/repository pattern.


<b>Running app:</b>

I am running in IDE, so it will work out of the box as a configured Spring Boot application, but
as I understand, <code>mvnw spring-boot:run</code> will also work, but I do not have mvnw CLI installed,
so recommend running in IDE, such as IntelliJ.

<b>Items Endpoints:</b>
GET /itemEligible/{id}

Will return a single field specifying the eligibility of the item based
on the criteria given in the challenge.

GET /items
Will return all items in the DB

GET /items/{id}
Will return an item with the given id

POST /addItem

Will add a new item. id is auto generated by Hibernate. All fields required.

Payload:

<code>
{
	"title": "Some Title",
	"sellerId": "1",
	"categoryId": "1",
	"price": "0.50"
}
</code>

<b>Category Endpoints:</b>

GET /categories
Will return all categories in the DB

GET /categories/{id}
Will return the category with the given id.

POST /addCategory

Will create a new category. id is auto generated by Hibernate. All fields required.

Payload:
<code>
{
    "categoryName": "Name of Category",
    "preapproved": "true"
}
</code>

<b>Seller Endpoints:</b>

GET /sellers
Will return all sellers in the DB

GET /sellers/{id}
Will return the seller with the given id.

POST /addSeller

Will create a new seller. id is auto generated by Hibernate. All fields required.

Payload:
<code>
{
    "firstName": "Joe",
    "lastName": "Schmoe",
    "enrolled": "true"
}
</code>

<b>Configuration Endpoint:</b>

Can be used with a front end API to update items in DB.

/updateConfiguration:
<br />
Will update minimum price, or will soft add/remove a seller or category
(stays in DB, but updates preapproved or enrolled status)
Payloads are given below:

<b>To update minimum price on a given category:</b>
<br />
<code>
{
	"updateMinimumPrice": [
		{
			"categoryId": "1",
			"minimumPrice": "499.99"
		}
	]
}
</code>

<b>To add a seller:</b>
<code>
{
	"addSeller": "1"
}
</code>
<br />

<b>To remove a seller:</b>
<code>
{
	"removeSeller": "1"
}
</code>
<br />

<b>To add a category:</b>
<code>
{
	"addCategory": "1"
}
</code>
<br />

<b>To remove a category:</b>
<code>
{
	"removeCategory": "1"
}
</code>